# online-examination-system
In an online examination system examine get their user id and password with his/her admit card. This id is already saved in the examination server. When examine login to the server he/she get his/her profile already register. On the certain time examine gets the message to start the examination. All answers given by examine are saved into the server with his/her profile information. Online examination system also allows to correct the answer if the examine needed to change any answer in the examination time duration, however, after the time duration any change will not allow. This also makes c checking the answer easy and error proof as computers are more accurate than man and provide fast results too. Php is a web base language so we can create an online examination system in PHP.  In the world of internet, all task has been done through internet, so we have decide why Exam has not conducted through internet. For convert current exam system into digital exam system, we have build this small Online Exam system project. If this system has build in professional level then it will automate our existing examination system into digitize exam system. In this system it will required less labor force for execute system and it will be more accurate and less time consuming and at the same time we can conduct more person exam at the same time and it will publish result in a very short time. Below you can find benefits of Online Examination System. If this system has been implemented then examination will not limited in to four wall of class room, but student can part into exam from any place.
